AGR0002

How you know this is official?

Make sure the text is the same as the agreement.


BEGIN AGR0002

---
An Agreement between The Spades Software Collective and Consortium and Owners of the "The Chill Lounge" collectively referred to as ("The Agreement") 

The Spades Software Collective and Consortium ("TSSCAC")

The Owners of the "The Chill Lounge" ("Owners")

The Domain Name (DNS Service: thechillounge.xyz)

TSSCAC Reserves the right to:

Remove the Domain Name at any time and still charge the 35$ USD Fee IN CRYPTOCURRENCY or other determined payment within 3 months of this agreement

Hold the Owners accountable for crimes or any sort of attack against TSSCAC

Start unlimited arbitration with no excuse that will not go to litigation, however strict sanctions will be put on the Owners

Gather voice CONFIRMATION to this agreement

TSSCAC Agrees to the:

ICANN Registry Agreement

Rules that the Owners put in place within their communities

Discord Terms of Services

if the Owners agree to the following:

This Agreement

ICANN Registry Agreement

TSSCAC Rules

Discord Terms of Services


The following users cannot be banned under any circumstances due to their requirement in development:
hod#2311 - 950140983834718268 - TSSCAC Serial 043
REASON: Senior Developer, TSSCAC
talkedd#2180 - 223139920548593672 - TSSCAC Serial 069
REASON: Operations Manager, TSSCAC

If you ban said users you will lose the permission to use the website and must still pay off the debt you acquire.
Failure to do so will result in arbitration in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britian and Northern Ireland, no matter the conflict of laws.

Above said can also happen if TSSCAC believes the organization to be using the website or tools to undermine operations of any entity.

The arbitray will be determined upon this event happening.

INVOICE AND DEBT REQUIREMENT OF PAY DUE WITHIN 8m ("Months") after acceptance:

20 Dollars USD IN CRYPTO (view our supported crypto addresses here: https://hodss.xyz/src/misc/tsscac/cryptoaddresses.md)
Reason: Domain payments required for continued support

INVOICE AND DEBT REQUIREMENT OF PAY DUE WITHIN 3m ("Months") after acceptance:

15 Dollars USD IN ANY COMPENSATION OUTSIDE OF CENTRALIZED CURRENCY (Discord Nitro, crypto)
Reason: Labour, hosting, operation

Failure to pay said requirements will result in termination of your uses of our services. And your domain will be sold within 3 days after failure to pay to cover costs of hosting and domain.

Signed -{[
Joh Doyle
Senior Developer, TSSCAC

Sealed -{[
Joh Doyle, TSSCAC
AGR0002
https://hodss.xyz/src/misc/tsscac/agr0002.md






---

END AGR0002